# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes --no-dev
-e .
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
boto3==1.40.52
    # via
    #   indra-agent
    #   langchain-aws
botocore==1.40.52
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   click
    #   uvicorn
fastapi==0.119.0
    # via indra-agent
greenlet==3.2.4 ; platform_machine == 'AMD64' or platform_machine == 'WIN32' or platform_machine == 'aarch64' or platform_machine == 'amd64' or platform_machine == 'ppc64le' or platform_machine == 'win32' or platform_machine == 'x86_64'
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.7.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   indra-agent
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via indra-agent
langchain-aws==0.2.35
    # via indra-agent
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.10
    # via indra-agent
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.2
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
numpy==2.3.3
    # via langchain-aws
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.11.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic==2.12.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   indra-agent
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via indra-agent
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   indra-agent
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via langchain
starlette==0.48.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via indra-agent
uvloop==0.21.0 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform != 'cygwin' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.1
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
